Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hey,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hello, how are you
iPhone: I'm good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are things going
iPhone: On all right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What's been happening this week.
I'm
iPhone: Work, we're losing a lot of people and my doctor my doctor, my boss.
iPhone: Because one of the girls. She is supposed to work. The rest of this week, but she took this week off.
iPhone: So he pretty much gave me all of her work and it was all the things that the doctors and the nurses have asked her to do. And so he there's a way in the note system at our work where you could
iPhone: You know, there's like a surrogate person, you know, for another person. So all of her work went to me. And then when I
iPhone: Got into work, yesterday I looked at my alerts is what they're called. And I looked at him and I had over 100 of them and when my boss. He asked me. He's like, Oh, did you start receiving, you know,
iPhone: Any alerts and I was like, yeah, I think I have like over 100 or something. And he looked at him and I was like, scrolling down the page and he was he was really upset with the girl because
iPhone: I'm still new and he just didn't expect that. I would have to do all that stuff. So not only do I have to go through like three months worth of work that she hasn't done, but I also have to call people from clinic cancellations and
iPhone: I have to also reach out to patients that were just, you know, they're pretty much
iPhone: Getting Started at the VA, you know, like a new doctor and stuff. So I just have a lot of work. So I'm like, worn out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Long days huh
iPhone: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you putting in overtime.
iPhone: Um, no. I was gonna do it yesterday, but I was too tired so and I was gonna do it today because I said yesterday, I was like, oh, just do it tomorrow. And then I forgot I have my appointment So couldn't do it today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's like, oh yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's good. How is everything else going
iPhone: It's going good. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Better than it was last week. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have you tried any of the
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: tips that I gave you last week.
iPhone: Well, I feel like me, my husband. We haven't like really thought anything so I haven't really been able to use them, I guess.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, well that's not a bad thing either. Right. Yeah. What about with your dad.
iPhone: I actually haven't even talked to him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He just been working and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Living life and
Yeah.
iPhone: Yeah, cuz over the weekend. My husband because normally my husband works a lot of overtime.
iPhone: But his work stopped offering so much overtime because they've been doing overtime like every single weekend for
iPhone: You know, at least a year. And finally, the company was just like we can't afford overtime for you guys and kind of that even though it costs less for
iPhone: The, you know, the regular employees to do the work that needs to be done, but know that dignity health would rather pay extra for an outside company to come and do the work. It doesn't make sense at all. So since my husband hasn't been working overtime.
iPhone: He kind of got like a side job kind of doing almost like the same type of work like refilling like it's it's with one of their I guess co workers but not really co worker. It's somebody else that works on the company that they know they're kind of doing stuff to his house.
iPhone: Right now they're just working on the outside of the house, but last weekend and then even maybe this weekend. It's just been raining here. So they haven't really been, you know, going up there to do any of the work because it's raining.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm.
iPhone: So we spent more time we spent last weekend together. So, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That was good. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good, good. So no issues this week whatsoever.
iPhone: No, just the word, it's, it's kind of overwhelming. I wouldn't necessarily say that it's stressful.
iPhone: Because I feel I still feel like my jobs still pretty easy compared to what I was doing before working in a call center. So it's not as bad. It's just a little overwhelming. It's it is draining little but you know it's not it's not horrible.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So if you stay busy for the time that you're at work, which is good, you know, because being busy time goes fast.
iPhone: Yeah, I was just about to say that
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so that's a plus in it to just make sure that you're eating putting good food in your body and that you're drinking plenty of water while you're
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, working your butt off sometimes we get to work. We forget that we need nutrition and then we find ourselves.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: snippy we find ourselves irritated frustrated and figure out why, you know, and part of it as can be so simple as to, you know, putting something in your body and drinking some water.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, staying on that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Staying on that path so that you know your recovery and self care come before everything else. Right. Yeah. And so with that, everything else kind of benefits when we are on that path, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So okay, so we're going to continue with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You working on communication skills right with your husband. This week since everything has been flowing really good
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And really
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just kind of take it, you know, day by day and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I and just kind of play it out and see what happens.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But if everything is going smoothly.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, what if it's like what other issues, is it that we, you and I can work through tonight. What are some of the things that you want to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Work through tonight.
iPhone: I don't really know. I actually haven't really thought about anything. I just been so busy. Like I just don't even
iPhone: Like I haven't really had time to really like wind down because normally on the weekends. It's either Saturday. I'll go do something and then Sunday, I kind of like rest all day.
iPhone: Sure, I just been kind of like, go, go, go, like, I don't even know. I just don't even recipe and chasing after my kid and playing with them and I saw
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: These have just been going pretty good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, no triggers or cravings at all.
iPhone: I mean, I've had cravings of stuff. I was just bumped up another light four grams. So instead of doing the 20 milligram I'm doing
iPhone: And
iPhone: Today's my first
iPhone: Day, I guess, doing the 24 milligrams
iPhone: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it's helping so far.
iPhone: Um, I think so. I mean, I, I would say that I still have a little bit of cravings, but it's not like as bad as it was like
iPhone: Like when I was only on
iPhone: Like two or two and a half. Like, I think it was like two weeks ago, or it might have been. Last week, I can't remember exactly how it all plays out. I'm so bad at time
But
iPhone: Like what I was explaining yesterday in group is that I could tell like when I'm thinking about, you know, pills too much and like cravings and stuff. I started dreaming about them.
iPhone: Like it's just really weird is that
iPhone: Like I it's
iPhone: It's like, because a lot of the times, because I'm also like really into dreams and stuff where you know like dreams mean certain themes kind of thing. You know, so
iPhone: Like I last night I was also my first night that I took some trousers don't
iPhone: Mean it didn't make me tired, but the same thing like muscle relaxers like when I used to take muscle relaxers like a long time ago.
iPhone: Same thing with Benadryl it always knocked me out, you know, I could check with a little bit of it. And it was just make me pass out. And then I sleep for hours, but
iPhone: Last night I only remember my dream, if I even had a dream. So I'm kind of like when I take the muscle relaxers and the trezza don't i don't really get tired of them.
iPhone: But then when I when I go to sleep. I actually stay asleep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm.
iPhone: So, so far.
iPhone: Yet like yesterday because I was starting to tries it on. I didn't take like my nightly time of the muscle relaxer
iPhone: Just because I didn't want to be. I got that the transition was going to make really tired and I just, I just wanted to see how it was going to work. I just take the muscle relaxer and then take the trash down and be knocked out for, you know, three days or something.
Crazy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
iPhone: So I'm, I'm almost wondering like,
iPhone: Like after we're done here before I drive home or like maybe like on the way home. I'll take my muscle relaxer and then
iPhone: Be able to kind of like chill out and then later on tonight. You know, like, an hour before. I'm like, Okay, I'm going to go to bed soon, I'm going to take the tries to see how that works.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well with your group. Keep in mind that with acetone. There's like a window in so you want to take transit, don't you know 30 minutes before you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are going to bed and then go to bed and be in in a sleeping position because, you know, I, you know, I've heard through other clients so that if you lose that window. It could have the opposite effect on you. So you just kind of want to, you know, when you take it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You want to be able to be ready to go lay down and be in a quiet space.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that way you know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your body can use it the way it's supposed to be used.
iPhone: I was expecting it to make me super drowsy and then I'm like, Okay, I need to go lay down, but I didn't really feel
iPhone: Like that tired. I think I took it at like nine o'clock, so I was like okay, I'm going to take it at nine o'clock, and then I'm going to try to lay down around like 939 45 ish and then hopefully be asleep by 10
iPhone: Mm hmm. And that way I can get like a or, you know, so I was asleep.
iPhone: I don't know if it's going to do anything but my Brightness is
iPhone: Still there.
iPhone: Okay. Yeah. Okay. Sorry, my phone you looked really dark, so I had a bright you that. So I don't know if it did anything
You look perfect. Okay.
iPhone: I couldn't see you. That's what I was getting I see
iPhone: A little side of the brighten it up.
And
iPhone: I forgot what we're talking about.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We're talking about try Sedona and how it affected the last name.
iPhone: Oh yeah, I'm
iPhone: Okay, yeah. So I took it and
iPhone: So I went to go lay down at like 10 o'clock, so I was like okay I don't really feel it making me as tired as I thought it would make me tired.
iPhone: But I still kind of laid there and I just kind of like waited and I try to go to sleep, and it still took me a little bit to go to sleep, but
iPhone: It wasn't like I didn't go to bed at like one o'clock or something like I hadn't I still went to bed at 1130 so I don't know if it really helped or if it
iPhone: But Sunday night. I didn't go to bed, till like I think like maybe like three or so and then I woke about, well, I tried to wake up at like, but I press my snooze button so many damn times I just I don't end up getting out of bed till about seven
iPhone: So,
iPhone: And I have three alarms on my phone. I just keep pressing snooze. And sometimes I actually press the start button on it.
And then I can't
iPhone: And then sometimes I press stop on all three alarms and I wake up and I'm like non late for it because
iPhone: I supposed to leave like 10 minutes ago type thing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you're Russian run out the door and then
iPhone: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you're in a panic to get there. And that's not a good day to start
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know that feeling that this is horrible, horrible. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know way to start a morning
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So be just be mindful when you take it, you know, and make sure that you go lay down and and I don't know if it tries it own is supposed to make you drowsy or if it just helps you stay asleep. Once you get asleep.
iPhone: I thought it was supposed to make you sleepy. So you can go to sleep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm not, I'm not positive.
iPhone: Yesterday when I mentioned it to the doctor. I told him I usually go to bed around like one or three like in between that time frame. Sometimes it's around 12 very rarely it's around 10 or 11 but
iPhone: Like I like mentioned it to him. And then that's when he he's, he brought up the transit and so I felt like the way that I was telling him what was going on. I'm just assuming that it would help me go to sleep and stay asleep. Sure.
So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do the your muscle relaxers that they make you tired.
No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
iPhone: But they do make me sleep like it's they don't make me tired, but then once I go to sleep. I don't want to wake up like, I just want to keep sleeping.
iPhone: Like over the weekend. I took a took my muscle relaxer and because I don't I don't take it all day long.
iPhone: Riley. Take one
iPhone: Like around nighttime because I felt I feel like the Suboxone it helps with my pain and it's it's doable. I mean, it's still, it's still kind of there. But, you know, like it's workable. It's not as bad as it used to be a long time ago, but then
iPhone: So then I usually take the muscle relaxer and I usually take it around like eight or nine and that's what I'm like, hurting really bad.
iPhone: To sit. Does it take a little bit earlier around seven
iPhone: But I wouldn't go to bed for like hours and hours and hours and then once I go to sleep. Then I stay asleep. So pretty much ever since I started taking the muscle relaxer I have it woke up in the middle of the night.
iPhone: And that was, like, my thing is, like, ever since I stopped taking pills and stuff like that. That was like one of my things is that usually pills will always help me like stay asleep.
iPhone: Right. And then when I would get off them or withdrawing or anything like that. I would pretty much wake up like,
iPhone: I don't like three, four or five times a night like I just wake up a lot like some them just like every hour, I just wake up and I'd be up for an hour and I go back to sleep. And then I wake up again. I hate those nights.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, don't forget that, you know, your body is trying to find its rhythm and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What that really looks like. And because that's kind of what
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, using disrupts to and so I'm trying to allow it to to get to a point where it has a has a stable.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Flow, you know, and that's where the transit own should help with that, to get you get it back on track to where you're getting good night's rest you know is important. And have you been doing the stretches and stuff that he suggested
iPhone: Know I keep telling myself. I'm gonna look it up and I keep forgetting but i i really want to look it up. I really do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It is so funny. I looked it up after group last weekend on it. It's definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: funny videos, you know, um, so I think you'll get some good entertainment from it as well.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and he definitely breaks it down to be, you know, really simple. So, you know, it only takes a few minutes, and as the video shows you can do it right in the back.
iPhone: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, which I thought was kind of funny, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It just kind of, you know, shows you a different side of the doctor that you're working with. I think
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, even
iPhone: Yesterday, whenever he was sitting on the bed. And he was like, look, my fear in the water. I was dying. I thought, I'm so freaking funny.
iPhone: Because like I just didn't expect that of him. I didn't know he was kind of like a funny guy, you know,
iPhone: Because usually a lot of doctors because I also work at a, at a clinic with doctors and they're also serious and now
iPhone: They don't really joke around a whole lot. They're just they. I mean, a lot of times, especially when I first met them.
iPhone: Like some of the doctors, they're starting to kind of get you know used to who I am and stuff like that. But there's still a couple of doctors where I'm like, kind of intimidated to go ask them for something or talk to them.
iPhone: To, you know, kind of just an even like my doctor my doctor doesn't really joke around like my regular primary care doctor
iPhone: He doesn't really joke around. I mean, I've seen him smile and stuff before. But, you know, so I keep telling myself. I'm like, Okay.
iPhone: When I get on my phone. I'm going to, you know, go on YouTube and I'm going to. And that's another thing is that I think I might have told you I usually like watch like hours upon hours of YouTube. Like, I'm actually like addicted to YouTube, if anything, I'd say that was like my first addiction.
iPhone: It really was like, you know,
iPhone: YouTube or even like social media. I guess I'm like I used to come home like probably about four just lately. I haven't even been watching YouTube. Like I said, because it's been
iPhone: I've been so busy and I mean I have been watching TV, like on an actual TV, which I don't usually watch TV.
iPhone: But I've been catching up on some shows that my husband has been watching that I've got sucked into and we just been spending time together that way, but with the YouTube thing. I used to watch
iPhone: Pretty much from about 6pm to about one like 12 or one
iPhone: So, I mean, I was watching like almost like 567 hours of YouTube every night.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
iPhone: And that was ever since probably about 2010 so it probably about 10 years of like constantly watching YouTube. And I've learned a lot of stuff from me, too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm.
iPhone: So I feel like I'm kind of knowledgeable in a lot of different like weird things, you know, I get sucked into certain things, but I like watching a lot of like crafty stuff and
iPhone: Like artsy stuff but like painting right now what I want to do. And I told my husband. I was like, I really want to go out because I've watched
iPhone: This one YouTuber who is making like felt ornaments and she made them look all cool and like cute and stuff like that and
iPhone: I told my husband. I was like, I feel like that would be, you know, good way to kind of like take my mind off of stuff and keep me kind of productive and be creative. At the same time, and
iPhone: I told him I was like, I went to the store and I was looking up some of the stuff I was actually shocked that Walmart had felt
iPhone: You know the string. And I was like, it cost me like $20 you know like around 20 bucks. It could even less than $20 to make the, the things that I want to make key thousand gonna cost like 5060 hundred dollars or
iPhone: Something like know it also depends how many I make though so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Well, that's a good idea. Yeah, definitely. You can learn a lot of things from YouTube. If something's broken your house any YouTube it, you can certainly find a video that's going to help you.
iPhone: Fix it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely. So it's really kind of cool that you're backing away from
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: From you know YouTube by yourself and just kind of spending time with your husband and doing this together. You know, it's important and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Those times, whether it be watching a TV show together in a conversation, playing with the baby together, you know, but just being able to spend some time.
iPhone: I felt
iPhone: Like a lot of the times I kind of like, I don't really know what the word is but like secluded myself or like isolate myself.
iPhone: Like basically was like, I just didn't want to like watch anything with my husband and it didn't necessarily have to do anything would, you know, watching TV with him. It was just because
iPhone: I just wanted to watch YouTube. I just wanted to watch my YouTubers that I like, you know, because I follow a lot of different people on there and like I just felt like I'd rather do that by myself than
iPhone: Like interact with, you know, my husband and my son. So I feel like things are, you know, getting a little bit better. And also, another thing that's been really good is that
iPhone: Because I think last week. I don't know if I told you, but like how my husband called me like a bitch, or whatever. I mean, he's called me like a lazy bitch before
iPhone: Mm hmm. And lately. For the past probably like two weeks I've actually been like cleaning stuff and it's not it's not because of you know him complaining and stuff about it. It's just because
iPhone: Before he started doing pills. I was like a clean freak like I liked everything you know organized and like clean and like perfect. I wouldn't say that I have like OCD, but I would say I would have like OCD tendencies.
iPhone: So it's not like I would like. It's not like me being perfect and cleaning was like affecting my life or anything like that, you know, it wasn't, it wasn't like a problem to me what I feel like OCD is like
iPhone: Right, because I feel like when people are like OCD. They're like, it has to be that way. And if it's not that way, then they kind of go crazy or throw a fit or have a meltdown over it, but I'm not like that. It was just more of like I just wanted to be.
iPhone: You know, I don't know. So I feel like in a way. There's parts of me like the old me, I guess, is kind of like coming back. So, I mean, I think I'll be the old me but like the old New me or the new old me. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So that's good. You're, you're starting to pick back up things that you kind of let go. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which is good. How long do you have, how do you, how long do you have under your belt now.
iPhone: And it'll be four weeks on Saturday. Okay, which will be like the literally the longest I've ever like gone
iPhone: Out of the out years so yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it just, it will just keep getting better. If you just keep, you know, doing the deal and putting one foot in front of the other.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, finding the motivation to do the things that you let go of finding you know the motivation to be able to do arts and crafts.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And to do the things that you enjoy that helps a lot with anxiety that helps with depression and it helps with feel a lot of feel good stuff. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, being able to to do that and you'll see the consequences of that too. Right. Things mellow out at home, you're stepping up, you know, being more motivated to start doing things, you know, and you kind of reap the benefits of it all.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just keep progressing in that manner, you know, just keep doing it. I think you're in a in a good space Kara. And you know, it's only going to get better. You have to remember that. Yeah.
iPhone: Okay, I feel like determine, you know, like I
iPhone: Like I just feel like, you know, as long as I, as I have said that I just want, I don't want to do this anymore. I just physically couldn't like help myself and
iPhone: Obviously I couldn't do it by myself, because I've always tried to stop myself and I could never do it by myself. And then finally, what would the thing happened like with my doctor and and finding out, you know, in a bad way. But you know cuz he told me he is like
iPhone: He said he was like, if I didn't care about you and your health, then I would have just dropped you and you could have found a different doctor
iPhone: You know, so he kind of like, you know, like he was still upset about it. But he was still kind of question like, why didn't you tell me kind of thing. And I was just like,
iPhone: I just told him I was like I was scared. I didn't want. I was just so terrified of, you know, like the whole either like a doctor, you know,
iPhone: Telling me that I'm like a drug like I just felt like I would be treated you know in a bad way like
iPhone: Being honest, you know, and
iPhone: I think I might explain to you.
iPhone: Or it might have been that I don't know who I told but I told a couple people. I just don't know if I told you guys or not, but
iPhone: When I
iPhone: When I when I was told by the health coordinator of dignity health. She's like, go to the ER. Tell them you want to get started on Suboxone and
iPhone: They'll help you from there. So I went to the ER and I was actually shocked because I thought I was gonna have to sit out there for hours and hours and hours.
iPhone: Because I was just expecting to be treated like shit and be treated poorly and you know get huge lecture and all this kind of stuff and
iPhone: I was like I was completely blown away. They were so caring like I didn't even have to wait that long. I waited 45 minutes which
iPhone: I got there, and there was all the seats for taken they told me to sit and like their little VIP section, I guess.
iPhone: And there's people that were there before me. And who knows how long they were there for, and I got seen before them. So I don't know if it was
iPhone: Like a special kind of treatment type of thing. I don't know exactly what it was, but um
iPhone: The, the PA that was in there, he was just like, you're going to be okay. Like, what could you like help and
iPhone: All this kind of stuff. And then even the nurse. She's just like, I'm really proud of you, like you did a really you're doing like a good thing. And then when something happened with the medicine situation. I had to get authorization and
iPhone: With that whole drama. I was speaking to
iPhone: My health coordinator at dignity health about what happened. And she was like, okay, you might have to because then I also talked to the substance abuse navigator there at dignity, health, who was the one in charge of the substance abuse type stuff.
iPhone: She said, come back to the ER and I was like, I can't afford another $50 because that's just too much money. I can't spend $100 going to the ER.
iPhone: For two days, you know,
iPhone: Yeah, and the health coordinator. She told me she's like, if you go a second time I can work out a deal with you or will reimburse you for that because something happened with your insurance and then being, you know, we're not going to pay for it type thing. Unless this way, you know, so
iPhone: I'm going to get the $50 back from that I just gotta wait for the rest of the milks I paid $10 on the so you know that stuff, but um
iPhone: When I went back for the second day to get my medicine. Again, it was a different doctor but it was the same nurse, even the second doctor, he was or PA, whatever.
iPhone: He was super nice about it too. And that nurse who saw me. It was like you're doing a good thing. She's like, I'm so proud of you for coming back and you know like
iPhone: They were just like, really supportive and it made me like I was like, why did I do this a long time ago, I would have been so much more happier and like
iPhone: I don't like I don't even know. Like I just wish I did it a long time ago because I just had this huge fear that, you know, I was just going to be treated like a druggie or drug seeker or
iPhone: Yeah, like so negatively by doctors and stuff, or if I could even get another doctor my doctor booted me kind of thing so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wait, that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think that you know it's it's definitely changed over the last couple of years and you know the perspective of doctors and I think that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Them being more educated on addiction and the process and, you know, having this whole epidemic with, you know, so many deaths and, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There, I can see the mindset changing you know about this disease and it being treated as any other disease, you know, and I think that that's definitely awesome because it does open the door for people to be able to come and ask for help, without being shamed or humiliated or
iPhone: Exactly. And that's why I was so afraid to
iPhone: Go is because I felt like that's what would happen if I went, so I just feel super grateful that
iPhone: You know, I got a lot of help and I'm so appreciative and stuff. And like I said, I wish I would have done this years ago. But even if it was years ago. Like, even if it was only like a year to win. Who would have known what it would have happened. I mean, it could have been worse.
iPhone: But I know in the last at least three years, like the Oprah Oprah. I can't say opioid
iPhone: Epidemic
iPhone: You know that whole thing like it's national wide and the whole fitness thing and
iPhone: You know, even like my doctor, he just saw like if you keep going down this route, you're going to end up you know you're going to end up killing yourself or an accident.
iPhone: Because you don't know what you're going to take. Yeah. So, you know, I do feel like the doctors there. They're not treating it like as
iPhone: Because like I i there's some people that I know they're all like, I'm sorry, but being addicted to drugs or, you know,
iPhone: Like I can kind of understand like maybe meth or something. But I still feel like an addiction is a disease, you know, and it's so it's like
iPhone: I hate when people say, oh, it's not a disease that is most stupidest thing can because you can control it, you can't control it.
iPhone: I mean, yeah, you could probably have like self control. I guess if you're really, really, you know, strict about it but like 99.999% of people they don't have that self control that some other people can do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No.
iPhone: You know, I went through.
iPhone: Great lengths and I've done a lot of stupid stuff just to get what I want it. And I'm not proud of it. But at least I you know
iPhone: And it never
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Went over come in, you're in a good space now. Yeah.
And
iPhone: And even even like a couple days ago, I think it was like over the weekend. My husband even asked, we were driving home from one of his friends, his house on Saturday and
iPhone: Day. I'll drink and stuff like that. And I didn't drink. I just sat on my phone. I was clearing out all my emails and doing all that kind of fun stuff, I guess.
iPhone: Eating sunflower seeds and
iPhone: Smoking cigarettes here and there, whatever, but they all drink and stuff. And I didn't feel like I wanted to drink or anything like that.
iPhone: But I just kept myself busy, but on the way home, and I was driving, because of course he was drinking and
iPhone: I don't know how it came about, but he basically just asked me how long I've been sober for and I told him three weeks today at the turn.
iPhone: And he was just like oh wow I didn't realize it was that long. You know, but you didn't say like, Oh, good job, like he didn't, you know, do anything like that. And he also wasn't
iPhone: Like negative over it either. Like, oh, it's just only three weeks. You know, like how sometimes he's like, but, you know, he just
iPhone: I don't know. I think he was just a little bit shocked that it's been that long.
iPhone: And, you know, and there's still like when I was like a week or two when he would even say stuff like
iPhone: Like, or he would ask me. He's like, are you on something. I was like, no, why, why are you even asking. He's like, I don't know if the drafting different. And I'm like, How am I doing different
iPhone: But there will be times when I'd be like, withdrawing, or I'd be like, because the lungs are ever gone. It was probably about a week and a half, without taking anything but that's because I didn't have money to buy any bills.
iPhone: And I'd be, I guess, sober and he would ask me. He's like, are you on something. I'm like, No, I'm not on anything. Shockingly, you know, I wouldn't say that part but or didn't know
iPhone: Anything, and he would like basically accuse me, but I know I've learned so much like how can you trust somebody when they say that, you know,
iPhone: Like, no, no. And something when most the time, I usually was on something.
iPhone: Yeah, so it's not like I would, I guess, judge him or whatever that for that, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and you definitely will act.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Differently. You'll think differently.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: respond differently, you know, everything is affected, you know, versus sober and not server so you know it's good that he asked, you know, now I noticed you got three weeks under your belt and you're going to keep going for weeks, under your belt. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's just good stuff care.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It got a lot of good stuff going on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so I'm gonna let you out. I'm going to, I don't have to tell the doctor that you showed up for your appointment. He'll ask me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: On Monday, you've got enough medicine to Alaska until
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Next week, right.
iPhone: Yeah, till Monday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, perfect. And then just keep in mind, you know, if something happens over the weekend. What we talked about, you know, last week, just about stepping back and it's about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How you engage in situations, you know, step back and think before you respond
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and just give yourself permission to take a few minutes but also tell you know tell him you know I need to take a few minutes. I don't want to fight with you. I want to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Communicate with you. I'm gonna I'll be back in five minutes or I'll be back in an hour, and we can sit down and talk. But, you know, just really pay attention to your approach to things. And you'll see that the response is going to be different, too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then we'll take it from there. I'm hoping that you don't have anything that pops up over the next couple of days that things just continue to go smoothly and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, but then there's another piece that says you need to be able to practice your tools so
iPhone: I have a question. What did you say about the doctor. Again, the first part, you say,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, I said, I don't think I have to tell the doctor that you I have some of the doctors have bright heart. I have to email and let them know that there that the clients have made their individual appointments that they were here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I don't think I have to with Dr Nasser I think he's weights and then we talk about he'll ask you in group if you made your appointment.
iPhone: Oh, okay. I thought you meant like I don't even know what you meant when you said that I was like, Why aren't you telling them that I went to my appointment. I was like, because
iPhone: The thing is the reason why I guess I was like late is because I called at like 435 or something like that rose on the phone, waiting for my code.
iPhone: And then she said, You want me to email it or text it and sometimes I don't get my emails that quick. So I said text it
iPhone: And I waited waited waited and it was 455 so I had to call again and I'm waiting again for five minutes. And finally, by 501 you know they popped up on the screen. I was like, I didn't get my code and then right as I said that the code popped up on my phone.
iPhone: So I thought it would. I thought it
iPhone: I thought you were talking about me being late to my appointment, because it wasn't my fault it was their fault because she even said that I guess when she sent it. It said send fail or failed sent or something. So I don't know what happened. So
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And just to let you know I will stay. I'll keep the zoom room open and I'll stay here for about 1520 minutes after the appointment time in case you're running a little bit late, so just know that that I'm not just gonna, you know, for me, I give I give a lead way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, so you just got to know that that it's not just bone that five year you know you're not here. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you're really consistent about being here too. So that would definitely makes me want to wait a little bit longer if something happens or all
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'll go into into our program. And I'll say, hey, as care checked in, you know, anybody heard from her. And if you've already called in, or you've already checked in. And that's what's happening. They'll tell me that, and I'll wait.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, I'll wait for the whole process because I know sometimes it can be hard. And I know sometimes you know working through tele health, it can be a little bit difficult to get access and through the process. So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You just know that you know 10 minutes I'm good with 15 minutes I'm fine with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So, don't stress yourself that that's going to be a barrier you you know really work she did put in the communication that you had checked in at 445
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so she had already had you checked in, you know, at that time, so I knew that you were going through the process. So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So not a big deal. Don't worry. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Okay, so I will let you go, and I will see you in group and you have a great weekend care. All right.
iPhone: Thank you, too.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, bye.
Bye.